KEP-4601: promote AuthorizeWithSelectors / AuthorizeNodeWithSelectors to stable (#51461)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/webhook.md

{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="AuthorizeWithSelectors" >}}

> The `AuthorizeWithSelectors` feature causes field and label selectors in the request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When calling out to an authorization webhook, Kubernetes passes information about selectors in the request to the authorization webhook (both label selectors and field selectors). The authorization webhook can make authorization decisions
```

The shortcode serves as a hint to readers that if they are running an older version, the text they read might not be accurate.
